hey this is big sign I want to talk to
you about a easy simple way to cook
seafood at home is to use a great
analogue grill pan like this one why is
this such a great pan well you can tell
by the raised ridges that will give the
food that characteristic marks that a
grill normally has does non six serving
is a couple things it delivers superior
food releasing performance which is
ideal for del you know delicate seafood
like shrimp or salmon and cleanup is a
breeze so you at home you don't have
your three dishwashers and six six cooks
this is the thing that's going to save
you time but more importantly give you
great tasty food this coating by the way
is called a DuPont autograph - and it
surpasses all other nonstick formulas
and actually it has a limited lifetime
warranty which is fantastic for a
nonstick pan it's actually been used by
professional chefs tested in
professional kitchens all right now I'm
going to preheat this but I'm going to
add oil to the pan I always think it's
important to add oil to a nonstick when
you're heating it and we're going to
make a delicious shrimp sauteed dish
with a sriracha marinade
this is sriracha which is a wonderful
chili sauce that Vietnamese love and now
everyone in this country uses not only
for Asian style food but also things
like hamburgers hot dogs and pizza but
add a little bit more garlic there's
garlic and sriracha but I like it extra
level and then a little bit of canola
oil add that in to this we're going to
add a little lime juice but what I'm
going to first do is zest the lime
because I'm actually doing a wonderful
dressing using Greek yogurt to make a
salad for this so just take the zest off
the lime just the green part by the way
right you don't want the white part
because that's a little bitter so this
goes right into those Greek yogurts my
new favorite yogurts rich and creamy and
thick and it's a non-fat yogurt which is
obviously good for your health and then
I'm going to cut this lemon this lime in
half as well and put the juice in this
marinade I like a little bit of acid in
marinades I think it just
a good balance now this marinade is done
we're going to just whisk it all
together just a pinch of salt and we
have some beautiful
jumbo shrimp here called you 15s meaning
15 to a pound
these shrimp we're just going to
marinate for half an hour you don't have
to go overnight and they get a wonderful
kind of intense garlicky spicy flavor
and after a half an hour they look like
this
and we're going to actually add to this
here's some SOT has already had done and
I just want to show you how you make a
quick saute you take the shrimp you see
how they get a little bit pink I love
that you can tell these have flavor just
by looking at them and I do a double
piercing so through the the tail and
then the meaty part you see that one
more time and separate them a little bit
so they can cook better all right you
need some some space in between so this
pan is getting high you see how the oil
is getting very liquidy that means a hot
pan so just to touch it seasoning these
go straight and you want to hear that
sizzle that that's important because
when you have that sizzle you're going
to get the kind of grill action of a
nuts of those grill marks all right
let's let those go for a little bit
these shrimp we're gonna take about I
don't know three minutes or suicide then
I flip them and that's what we have
right here look how beautiful those look
I mean they really do look like they
just came off the grill and there's
these are good to go so we'll go ahead
and plate these up but let's finish our
salad first again very simple to do here
we have the lime zest with the Greek
yogurt add to it just a pinch of ginger
minced ginger a little bit of Dijon
mustard
I love Dijon mustard I put it in all my
vinaigrette and just a little bit ah
love it some fresh coriander mix that in
here we have some shaved fennel and
we're basically done guys
this dish is done
so we're just going to mix this together
a little bit of salt not much give it a
taste right the most important thing I
think is you got it taste as you go so
give this a quick little taste make sure
it tastes good
make sure it's seasoned well
delicious all right take this put a pie
like that in the middle very healthy
guys and the reason this dish comes
together so easily is actually the pan
now these pads are Weis is hard as
stainless steel all right so that's
pretty hard and I can tell you how easy
this is to plate up like that and the
best thing about it is once this dish is
done this is easy as pie to cleanup so
just a little top it off touch more of
this fennel salad take some of the
fennel fronds right you've already paid
for it so you must use it put those on
top and there you have it guys easy food
done indoors with a great pan life can't
be an easier and as always peace and
good eating
funding for simply Ming is provided by
Anolon gourmet cookware Anolon is
committed to encouraging the success of
home cooks who are passionate about
delicious food analog
you